a wassup guys totally dead here and
today I'm unboxing the red giant ossicle
ao3 there's a earphone that has two
drivers in one ear piece meaning for
drivers total now it is unboxed already
i have got the earphones right here
that's because i couldn't resist the
urge of opening them when i was at work
so i had to unboxing I got these with
the a low force which I've got just
under me it came in a little box which I
found quite cool that there was a QR
code on the outfield box is like the
packaging you know when it comes comes
with and that's and I find that pretty
cool including in my package I had to
all these little little stickers you
know like you put in your car for
example on your window and I had these
QR codes as well which redirects the
website so that's pretty cool is quite a
lot of them as well now I've got some
contact cards over here by Andy room
there you go right so that side let's
get into the earphones so the actual box
itself is actually quite complicated I
call it a puzzle and it pretty much is a
puzzled you'll see this in a second so
open these up of bear in mind the
earphones are already out and I just oh
I get to them in a second so once you
open the box you've got this so that to
assign as you can see over here it's
almost like a jigsaw it opens up all
these parts come out now this was really
hard by the way putting it back as you
can see I'm already having trouble
opening it but anyway you can see it
comes up all pop it's actually a diagram
over here to make something but anyway
let's get into the contents of this oh
this sleigh oh that's that's the puzzle
you can see this hole which we link up
and this everything opens up I'm not
going to attempt to reopen it because it
seemed not impossible but takes a while
putting it back let's put it that way
so over here you had this little thing
which was strapped onto the da fone
bring the earphones into the focus over
here and it was just an information
saying Gail go to your website for a
menu on how to wear them on what tip to
use on what not over here we have two
sets of tips we've got some tips and
these supposedly go inside the earphone
tips themselves to to become more
comfortable so you got a range of sizes
them and you've got these walls which
are we've got a red lining inside they
do look pretty cool I mean they actually
do remind you of a red giant so to speak
because they the black is tinted with it
right well you get this all these these
tips obviously those ones are the ones
which comstock on the beam themselves
and the case is actually reasonably big
I wouldn't say portable but pretty big
as you can see size of my hand almost
you can it is pretty big put it that way
so let's yuge a huge space it's very
soft as you can see it's not going to
protect anything but it's quite nice to
carry around and put in your bag to
protect your hair phones from getting
any damage so that's pretty much it you
get these and we've got the earphones
over here I've hardly put them on but I
have listened to them briefly and
they're quite nice I'm not going to get
into any details whatsoever because I
don't wanna make any false judgments at
this stage but the wires actually pretty
nice under the dome if I can untangle it
yeah the worse it is ok it's pretty
thick in fact I found the wire of being
pretty thick it kind of reminds me of
the sennheiser CX like 400 and 500
except this is a little bit thicker as
you can see we've got a 3.5 millimeter
jack l shaped and quite nicely designed
as well I've got saved the design of not
only the Air Force with a whole
packaging and the presentation as a
whole
top notch I mean monster I found is
first in terms of presentation
accessories but really red giant I've
done an excellent job and I'm very
impressed with what if what they've come
up with so over here we've got the thing
which brings the two ear pieces together
that said you've got the microphone over
here the microphone clicks but as you
can see I've put quite a lot of tape
around it and I'll get to that in just a
second now the earphones themselves they
can be worn straight down or over the
ear if you wanna wear them straight down
this is the right hand side you switch
it around and you'd wear it like so but
I wear over the ear so it goes over the
year like so this is completely soft
unlike some manufacturers make it hard I
actually really like this it's very good
it's very nice material it goes into the
earphone pretty well and the earphones
themselves actually look very nice they
do stick out a little bit in the air
imagine this is my ear it will be it
will be like this it sticks out a little
bit and obviously it's it's quite big so
it fits almost to shed a shape of your
ear but I've got say that they're pretty
nice to wear now to the microphone well
I was talking about the microphone these
are not compatible with your Android nor
pc i'll put it out there I've plugged
them into my pc and the sound was what I
got on the PFE 1 2 2 s and I had to
click the button so that in order to
hear like the music it's almost like
when I listen to these plugged into my
samsung galaxy s which is running on
Android or if I run it term if I run it
on I put on my pc it's almost like
eighty percent of the music is just
currently cut out or like faded out
almost like a monocle and that's pretty
much what it is mutating I think it's
imitating a monocle so to click it to
say no I'm not on a cool and listening
to music so unfortunately my first
impressions of these we're not great
because it was like well I can't use
these then I was like wait a second what
if i plug it into my ample what if I
tape it so I taped it and it works an
hour
he taped in a retail have triple tape
this and tell you what it's not clicking
anymore put that way meaning it's firmly
tight which is brilliant the other thing
was I plugged it into my digital 802 and
I that's my portable amplifier and I use
that everywhere I go pretty much and I
listen to music well with it and I
hardly listen to it listen to our music
with other did you join 02 meaning that
the 0 to bypass the microphone function
which could be bad it could be good for
some but definitely good for me pull out
the end and I didn't have any problem so
there you go guys I thought I should at
least mention that microphone problem on
my unboxing video obviously I'll make a
full review of this and yeah hope you
enjoyed the review and remember guys
please do rate comment and subscribe and
write let me know what you think cheese
bye bye